>> Jem: So
next we're gonna make a www directory,
this is where we're gonna put all of
our files that we want to serve out.
So we're gonna make it in the /var is
generally where you put things like this.
>> Jem: So sudo mkdir -p /var/www.
And I'll go ahead and do that as well.
So sudo mkdir.
>> Speaker 2: We already got one.
>> Jem: You do?
>> Speaker 2: I think NGINX-
>> Jem: It might have it by default,
that's a good point, let me-
>> Speaker 2: Yeah that's usually where
the it works comes from.
>> Jem: It already has one in there,
awesome, so we don't have to do that.
But just in case you're on a server
that doesn't have a www built in,
you can make it.
But let's just go ahead and
cd into that directory, so cd /var/www.
And if we ls, there's an HTML
folder in there already, but
we won't need that for now.
>> Speaker 2: So, question, what's
the point of the p after make directory?
Won't that make a directory?
You know what I'm saying?
You said that the p was for it'll create
a directory if it's not there already.
>> Jem: Yeah.
>> Speaker 2: But
what's the point of having-
>> Jem: Yeah, so let's test that out.
So if I wanna mkdir,
actually I'll just do a temp one here.
So mkdir tmp, forgot to change sudo.
Bang, bang.
So now I've got temp directory.
So if I mkdir again,
>> Jem: It's gonna throw an error.
But if I do sudo-p, it won't error out.
>> Speaker 2: mkdir.
>> Jem: Thanks, I am not perfect,
by far, and it won't throw an error.
That's where you use a -p command.
>> Speaker 2: The other thing you can do
is if you create a directory chain and
the intermediate directories don't exist,
the -p will create them as well.
>> Jem: Yes.
>> Speaker 2: Cool, okay.
>> Jem: Good, good point, yeah.
>> Speaker 2: Cool.
>> Jem: So generally if I'm making
a directory, I always use -p because it's-
>> Speaker 2: Just to be safe.
>> Jem: Just to be safe, yeah.
>> Speaker 2: Yeah, that's why I
just didn't, yeah, okay, cool.
>> Jem: Yeah, great, thank you,
that's an excellent tip.